Add README.md in snippets folder to point to xrpl.org code samples (#2189)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: packages/xrpl/snippets/README.md

> For more XRPL code samples of common use cases, check out this [link](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal/tree/master/content/_code-samples).

Reviewer: `link` is not good anchor text for a link.

```suggestion
# More XRPL Code Samples

- For samples of common use cases, see the [XRPL.org Code Samples](https://xrpl.org/code-samples.html) page.
- You can also browse those samples [directly on GitHub](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal/tree/master/content/_code-samples).
```
